but also i started eating in a different
way
so i as you all know started
incorporating animal products and
actually all the doctors who deal with
mitochondrial related problems
uh be they multiple cirrhosis or things
damaged from
borreliosa or lyme disease
then they all say the same thing that
you need to feed your mitochondria
and that the human body to feed
mitochondria
is quite reliant on things like
saturated fat etc which we don't i
wasn't getting on the plant-based diet
so i mean really people like to
disrespect my crew but the fact is that
you know my name and i don't know
you anything that brings us down to our
base
workings of an animal is
it's it's regression from what we truly
are
bring a bucket and a mob for this wet
ass fuel
give me everything you've got for this
wet ass fuel
and continue uh along these lines
uh and it gets significantly
significantly more vulgar
this song is there forcing men
into the flesh it forces them
into his place where satan has power
the lyrics it's all just too far
it's too much and cardi b is
an attractive woman she has a big chest
and a big bomb which many men like
and they are using that to sell the song
it has nothing to do with the merit of
the
the skill involved or the expertise
involved unless your expertise is to be
seductory now here's the interesting
thing for me about this
is
this person cardi b she claims to be
loving god and she speaks of jesus and
that she
is close to jesus and she hates it
later on imma give you a testimony
because when i tell you when jesus said
yes nobody can say no nobody
but i can tell you now that there's a
time in my life where i
longed and loved god and i i longed for
god and i wanted to be right
but my heart was in that way but my mind
and my body had been subjected to the
abuse
of our system and the habituation of
uh addiction and things of this nature
and it wasn't in line
with the reality of what my heart was
93 million us streams the most fun song
in opening week in history right hold up
why debuts number one on digital song
sale chart with the biggest sales week
of 2020.
i'm gonna get clamped up i have to come
outside because i don't wanna wake
nobody up i'm gonna get glammed up and
i'm not even gonna talk much
i'm gonna give you a testimony and i
wanna say thank you so much
because when i tell you when jesus says
yes nobody can say no
nobody but if 11 11 is coming
take it from me the man who was exactly
like this
hedonistic couldn't see the wrong in
many things it's natural to have sex
it's okay for me to chase women
it's fine for me to smoke this drug
because it comes from nature it's fine
for me
all these carnal reasonings i had
and i went and spent years in nature
alone where i couldn't be tempted i
couldn't fall for the temptations
and i stripped them away and i said to
god what is it that i can do that's good
for your life
what is it good for good for the world
with my life
and he came back to me and he showed me
with 11 11.
go to this village in east africa i had
no idea why i'd go there
i just knew i wanted to actually be a
living sacrifice to god
and live in line with these same
teachings that jesus christ gave us
but also i started eating in a different
way
so i
as you all know started incorporating
animal products
[Music]